February 6 executive (#2834)
makerdao/community: governance/votes/Executive vote - February 6, 2025.md

---
title: Template - [Executive Vote] Rate Adjustments, Sweep PauseProxy DAI, Integration Boost Funding, Whistleblower Payments, Spark Proxy Spell - February 6, 2025

> summary: Decrease stability fee and savings rates, sweep DAI in PauseProxy to the Surplus Buffer, distribute Integration Boost funding, payment to alignment whistleblower, trigger a Spark Proxy spell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Decrease stability fee and savings rates, sweep DAI in PauseProxy to the Surplus Buffer, distribute Integration Boost funding, make payment to alignment whistleblower, trigger a Spark Proxy spell.
```

> summary: Add Emergency Spells to Chainlog, decrease stability fee and savings rates, sweep DAI in PauseProxy to the Surplus Buffer, fund Integration Boost, payments to alignment whistleblowers, trigger a Spark Proxy spell.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
summary: Decrease stability fee and savings rates, sweep DAI in PauseProxy to the Surplus Buffer, distribute Integration Boost funding, payment to alignment whistleblower, trigger a Spark Proxy spell.
```

> summary: Add Emergency Spells to Chainlog, decrease stability fee and savings rates, sweep DAI in PauseProxy to the Surplus Buffer, fund Integration Boost, payments to alignment whistleblowers, trigger a Spark Proxy spell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Decrease stability fee and savings rates, sweep DAI from PauseProxy to the Surplus Buffer, fund the Integration Boost, make payments to alignment whistleblowers, trigger a Spark Proxy spell.
```

The Governance Facilitators, Dewiz, and Sidestream have placed an executive proposal into the voting system. MKR/SKY Holders should vote for this proposal if they support the following alterations to the Sky Protocol.

If you are new to voting in the Sky Protocol, please see the [voting guide](https://manual.makerdao.com/governance/voting-in-makerdao/on-chain-governance) to learn how voting works.

---

## Executive Summary

If this executive proposal passes, the following **actions** will occur within the Sky Protocol:

- [Stability Fees](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.1.2.3_Stability_Fee-67e40a3b-f1c2-4dc6-b502-2affeab0b232|57eaf45219bea3b430c2) for multiple vaults and the [Savings Rates (DSR and SSR)](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/A.4.3.1_Savings_Rates/5586fe33-b0af-41f0-9629-b1716c7c0967%7Cb3417d54) will be decreased.
- **406,451.52 DAI** in the [PauseProxy](https://etherscan.io/address/0xbe8e3e3618f7474f8cb1d074a26affef007e98fb) will be swept into the [Surplus Buffer](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/A.3.5.1_Surplus_Buffer/11af2ff0-8d73-806a-afb0-ca38393197d3%7C57ea2c54).

> - **3 million USDS** will be transferred to [0xD6891d1DFFDA6B0B1aF3524018a1eE2E608785F7](https://etherscan.io/address/0xD6891d1DFFDA6B0B1aF3524018a1eE2E608785F7) to fund the Integration Boost.

Reviewer 2: We think this wording is better

```suggestion
- **3 million USDS** for Integration Boost funding will be transferred to [0xD6891d1DFFDA6B0B1aF3524018a1eE2E608785F7](https://etherscan.io/address/0xD6891d1DFFDA6B0B1aF3524018a1eE2E608785F7).
```

---

> title: Template - [Executive Vote] Add Emergency Spells, Rate Adjustments, Sweep PauseProxy DAI, Integration Boost Funding, Whistleblower Payments, Spark Sproxy Spell - February 6, 2025

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: Template - [Executive Vote] Add Emergency Spells, Rate Adjustments, Sweep PauseProxy DAI, Integration Boost Funding, Whistleblower Payments, Spark Proxy Spell - February 6, 2025
```

summary: Add Emergency Spells to Chainlog, decrease stability fee and savings rates, sweep DAI in PauseProxy to the Surplus Buffer, fund Integration Boost, payments to alignment whistleblowers, trigger a Spark Proxy spell.
date: 2025-02-06T00:00:00.000Z
address: "$spell_address"

---

> # [Executive Proposal] Add Emergency Spells, Rate Adjustments, Sweep PauseProxy DAI, Integration Boost Funding, Whistleblower Payments, Spark Sproxy Spell - February 6, 2025

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# [Executive Proposal] Add Emergency Spells, Rate Adjustments, Sweep PauseProxy DAI, Integration Boost Funding, Whistleblower Payments, Spark Proxy Spell - February 6, 2025
```

The Governance Facilitators, Dewiz, and Sidestream have placed an executive proposal into the voting system. MKR/SKY Holders should vote for this proposal if they support the following alterations to the Sky Protocol.

If you are new to voting in the Sky Protocol, please see the [voting guide](https://manual.makerdao.com/governance/voting-in-makerdao/on-chain-governance) to learn how voting works.

---

## Executive Summary

> If this executive proposal passes, the following **actions** will occur within the Sky Protocol:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If this executive proposal passes, the following **actions** will occur within the Sky Protocol:

```

- Emergency Spells will be added to the Chainlog.
- [Stability Fees](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.1.2.3_Stability_Fee-67e40a3b-f1c2-4dc6-b502-2affeab0b232|57eaf45219bea3b430c2) for multiple vaults and the [Savings Rates (DSR and SSR)](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/A.4.3.1_Savings_Rates/5586fe33-b0af-41f0-9629-b1716c7c0967%7Cb3417d54) will be decreased.
- The DAI balance of the [PauseProxy](https://etherscan.io/address/0xbe8e3e3618f7474f8cb1d074a26affef007e98fb) will be swept into the [Surplus Buffer](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/A.3.5.1_Surplus_Buffer/11af2ff0-8d73-806a-afb0-ca38393197d3%7C57ea2c54).

> - **3 million USDS** will be transfered to [0xD6891d1DFFDA6B0B1aF3524018a1eE2E608785F7](https://etherscan.io/address/0xD6891d1DFFDA6B0B1aF3524018a1eE2E608785F7) to fund the Intergration Boost.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **3 million USDS** will be transferred to [0xD6891d1DFFDA6B0B1aF3524018a1eE2E608785F7](https://etherscan.io/address/0xD6891d1DFFDA6B0B1aF3524018a1eE2E608785F7) to fund the Intergration Boost.
```

> - **$USDS_AMOUNT** will be transfered to two misalignment whistleblower at $address_with_link and $address_with_link.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **$USDS_AMOUNT** will be transfered to two misalignment whistleblowers at $address_with_link and $address_with_link.
```
The exec implementation sheet only mentions GFXlabs. We're still waiting for VeniceTree's reply, correct?

Author: We have confirmed only one payment for this spell.

> - **$USDS_AMOUNT** will be transfered to two misalignment whistleblower at $address_with_link and $address_with_link.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **$USDS_AMOUNT** will be transferred to two misalignment whistleblower at $address_with_link and $address_with_link.
```

#### $Emergency Spell List

### Rate Adjustments

- **Authorization**: [$link_to_approval]()
- **Proposal**: [Forum Post](https://forum.sky.money/t/feb-6-2025-stability-scope-parameter-changes-21/25906)

If this executive proposal passes, then the stability fees for multiple vaults and the [Savings Rates (DSR and SSR)](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/A.4.3.1_Savings_Rates/5586fe33-b0af-41f0-9629-b1716c7c0967%7Cb3417d54) will be decreased as follows.

#### [Stability Fees](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.1.2.3_Stability_Fee-67e40a3b-f1c2-4dc6-b502-2affeab0b232|57eaf45219bea3b430c2) Adjustments

- Reduce ETH-A Stability Fee by 3 percentage points from 12.75% to **9.75%**.
- Reduce ETH-B Stability Fee by 3 percentage points from 13.25% to **10.25%**.
- Reduce ETH-C Stability Fee by 3 percentage points from 12.50% to **9.50%**.
- Reduce WSTETH-A Stability Fee by 3 percentage points from 13.75% to **10.75%**.
- Reduce WSTETH-B Stability Fee by 3 percentage points from 13.50% to **10.50%**.
- Reduce WBTC-A Stability Fee by 2 percentage points from 16.25% to **14.25%**.
- Reduce WBTC-B Stability Fee by 2 percentage points from 16.75% to **14.75%**.

> - Reduce WBTC-C Stability Fee by 2 percentage points from 16.00% to **14.00%**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Reduce WBTC-C Stability Fee by 2 percentage points from 16.00% to **14.00%**.
```

- Reduce ALLOCATOR-SPARK-A Stability Fee by 2.60 percentage points from 5.37% to **2.77%**.

#### [Savings Rates (DSR and SSR)](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/A.4.3.1_Savings_Rates/5586fe33-b0af-41f0-9629-b1716c7c0967%7Cb3417d54) Adjustments

- Reduce DSR by 3.25 percentage points from 11.25% to **8.00%**.
- Reduce SSR by 3 percentage points from 12.50% to **9.50%**.

### Sweep Dai from PauseProxy to Surplus Buffer

- **Authorization**: [$link_to_approval]()
- **Proposal**: [$link_to_proposal]()

If this executive proposal passes, then the DAI balance of the [PauseProxy](https://etherscan.io/address/0xbe8e3e3618f7474f8cb1d074a26affef007e98fb) will be swept into the [Surplus Buffer](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/A.3.5.1_Surplus_Buffer/11af2ff0-8d73-806a-afb0-ca38393197d3%7C57ea2c54).

### Integration Boost Funding

- **Authorization**: [Atlas](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/A.5.2.1.2_Integration_Boost/129f2ff0-8d73-8057-850b-d32304e9c91a|8d5a9e88cf49)
- **Proposal**: [Forum Post](https://forum.sky.money/t/utilization-of-the-integration-boost-budget-a-5-2-1-2/25536/5)

> If this executive proposal passes, then  **3 million USDS** will be transfered to [0xD6891d1DFFDA6B0B1aF3524018a1eE2E608785F7](https://etherscan.io/address/0xD6891d1DFFDA6B0B1aF3524018a1eE2E608785F7) to continue funding the Intergration Boost initiative.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If this executive proposal passes, then **3 million USDS** will be transferred to [0xD6891d1DFFDA6B0B1aF3524018a1eE2E608785F7](https://etherscan.io/address/0xD6891d1DFFDA6B0B1aF3524018a1eE2E608785F7) to continue funding the Intergration Boost initiative.
```

### Whistleblower Payments

- **Authorization**: [Atlas](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/A.1.5.19_Whistleblower_Bounty/fb2de9a9-8154-46b8-9631-a5dda875921e|0db3af4e955e)
- **Proposal**: [$link_to_proposal]()

> If this executive proposal passes, then the following misaligment Whistleblower payments will be made, pursuit to [A1.5.19](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/A.1.5.19_Whistleblower_Bounty/fb2de9a9-8154-46b8-9631-a5dda875921e|0db3af4e955e).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If this executive proposal passes, then the following misalignment whistleblower payments will be made, pursuant to [A1.5.19](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/A.1.5.19_Whistleblower_Bounty/fb2de9a9-8154-46b8-9631-a5dda875921e|0db3af4e955e).
```

#### Payment List

- $USDS_amount to $whistleblower1_address_link
- $USDS_amount to $whistleblower2_address_link

### Spark Proxy Spell

> - **Authorization**: [Ecosystem Authoriztion](https://forum.sky.money/t/feb-6-2025-proposed-changes-to-spark-for-upcoming-spell-actual/25888/3), Governance Polls [1184](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmUMkWLQ); [1185](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmTfntSm); [1186](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmWCe4JD); [1187](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmbSANrr); [1188](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmRKhzad)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Authorization**: [Ecosystem Authorization](https://forum.sky.money/t/feb-6-2025-proposed-changes-to-spark-for-upcoming-spell-actual/25888/3), Governance Polls [1184](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmUMkWLQ); [1185](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmTfntSm); [1186](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmWCe4JD); [1187](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmbSANrr); [1188](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmRKhzad)
```
